Palestinians fasting in Gaza have never
known a fast day of Ramadan as tough as
this one when they are not avoiding
getting killed in Israeli strikes they
are looking for food that they either
cannot find or afford to
buy I'm 71 years old and I have never
experienced a Ramadan like this it's an
awful feeling during previous Ramadan I
used to prepare the dining table to eat
at Sunset but today there's no food and
I don't have to get food to break our
fast nearly 2 million Palestinians have
been displaced across Gaza since early
October they are sleeping in makeshift
camps wondering how they will break
their
fast if the first day of Ramadan is
tough on us how will the second and the
third day be we're calling for ceasefire
not a temporary humanitarian truce or
anything else we want to go back to our
homes we want to live the spirit of
Ramadan like every year we want to
decorate our homes and feel the joy of
Ramadan Ramadan is a time to h family
and friends to break fast and pray
together but Israel's Relentless
bombardment has made that
impossible I wish that the airplanes
will strike me and I will die it will be
better than this life where are the Arab
Nations where are the Muslim
nations as the first day of Ramadan ends
in Gaza and Palestinians break their
fast
they are hoping that their prayers for
Ceasar will be answered Hamza Muhammad
Al jaaz